                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (Fall 2017)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #1

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Dewal Gupta

 
B: Mithun Dharmaraj

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	 	24		24	  	 
coding 	  	  	 	20		20 *(overlapped w/ meeting hours)
writeup 	  	  	5 		5
planning (alone) 	  	5		5  	 
total (including meetings) 	35  	  	35 


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
	Dewal and Mithun shared most of the responbilities by doing pair programming.
 	That way we would switch who was doing the coding and who was in the "passenger-seat".
 	The brain-storming, writing, and all critical thinking was done as a pair, and never
was one person alone responsible for a significant portion of this project. 
(b) Did you complete the assignment? Yes.
(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)? 
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.

	Mithun was very capable when it came to the matrix multiplication, since Dewal 
tended to get confused from time to time. However, Dewal was a better C coder, and was able
to be more efficient in the coding realm, helping Mithun when it was his turn. Because of 
our complement strenghts (and weaknesses) we made a very good team and were able to complete
this assignment.

(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
	It is important to recognize where one's strengths lie and be confident about voicing
concerns or ideas when it comes to such areas. For example, when implementing the second level
blocking, Mithun was very helpful in teaching Dewal the theoretical implications of tiling and how
it could be best implemented. On the other hand, Dewal was able to share advice and show Mithun at
times at how the code could be improved.

(e) What suggestions do you have to improve this assignment?
	This was a fun assignment with a very practical focus, and we both enjoyed learning from
this exercise. The AWS was unnecessary for this assignment as we mainly used Bang, and were unsure
of the role AWS was supposed to play. Maybe some more code examples on using instrinsics and loop
unrolling could have been helpful and might have saved us time when it came to actually implementing
it. Other than that, the assignment was well written and educational.
(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
	n/a
